java c CPT405 Interactive Systems 1st SEMESTER 2024/2025 Individual Coursework CPT405 Interactive Systems Individual coursework: Novel Interaction Project Release date [when the moderation is completed] Due date Demonstration: December 13 (Friday) Report, summary, final application, and source code: 11:59PM December 15 (Sunday) Deliverables D1. Demonstration D2. A written report D3. A short summary of the project (abstract, one or two pictures/videos, the final application, as well as a users’ manual for using your interface) to be added to the Project Gallery. D4. Source code Format

A written report, no more than 20 pages (including the reference list). o Font: 12pt Times New Roman o Spacing: Double spacing o Margins: Normal (1 inch margin on all sides) o Reference style. APA
Naming: CPT405_StudentID_StudentName_IndividualCoursework.zip o CPT405_StudentID_StudentName_Report.pdf o CPT405_StudentID_StudentName_Summary (folder) o CPT405_StudentID_StudentName_Sourcecode (folder) Submission Box (link will be given) Mark 70% of the final marks. Total marks available are 100. Learning outcomes assessed A. Demonstrate in-depth knowledge of the current research issues in the development of interactive systems, the capabilities and limitations of users, and effective methodologies for the design of useful and usable human-computer interfaces. B. Demonstrate systematic understanding of the key techniques and methods for interface design, evaluation, and analysis. C. Demonstrate an ability to critically analyse and evaluate real- world interactive systems. D. Undertake requirements analysis as well as to complete the design, development, and evaluation of an interactive system. Coursework specification In this coursework, you need to design, implement, and evaluate an interactive system for presenting and delving into data within a certain area. So far, what you have done – the Group project In the group project, you made an initial plan for the interactive system. You have already:
    listed   motivation,   research   issues
  made the   physicalization /   low fidelity   prototypes
  tested the   prototypes with   end   users
What you will do next You need to design, implement, and evaluate an interactive system based on the previous group project. You are highly encouraged to choose a topic that aligns with your interests. Below are some example topics: Example Topics:

An interactive system to assist Master's applicants in submitting their applications, allowing the university's Mas代 写CPT405 Interactive Systems 1st SEMESTER 2024/2025Java 代做程序编程语言ter Admission team to review and manage them effectively.
An interactive system for managing calendars and scheduling daily events.
An interactive system to help new students navigate the campus.
An interactive system for recording and sharing experiences in museums. . Design First, you should consider the design principles and revise the design if necessary. . Implementation You can choose any appropriate IDE and programming language according to the specific case, such as Unity, HTML, JavaScript, WebGL, etc. . Evaluation According to your specific case, you need to:
  setup study goal and research questions (what you   are   going   to   find   in   the   user   evaluation)
  design a   user   study   plan   (quantitative or qualitative)
  decide hypothesis, dependent / independent variables based   on   the    research   questions
  choose participants, apparatus, and tasks 
    conduct the user study 
  collect user performance data 
analyze the data
discuss the conclusion Marking Criteria D1. Demonstration – 30 marks You need to present your work by doing a 10-minute demo. D2: Report (50 marks) Marking criteria Description Marks Introduction introduce the whole interactive system, motivation, the representative users and tasks. 8 Design discuss the design principles, considerations, and heuristics in the design (why they are used), show and discuss how they are applied in the design. 4 Physicalization, Prototypes and walk-through study 1. show screenshots of the physicalization or prototypes and explain them 2. explain how the walk-through evaluation was conducted 3. explain how you used prototypes to make or improve your design, what have been improved 4. explain why prototypes are important / how physicalization helps you to think in this step 6 System show and explain the interactive system (the interface, interaction techniques, etc), how it was implemented. 11 Evaluation present the usability study (goal, participants, apparatus, evaluation methods and procedures), and discuss the results. 17 Results and Discussion conclude what have been done in the interactive system, discuss what can be improved in future 4 D3: Summary (10 marks) A short summary of the project (abstract, one or two pictures/videos, the final application, as well as a users’ manual for using your interface) to be added to the Project Gallery. D4: Source code (10 marks) You will hand in the source code, as well as the instructions for compiling the program.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
